hyc2proj:
   This routine will read data from a hycom file and first 
   do a horizontal interpolation onto a given projection. If 
   applicable it will then proceed to interpolate the model fields 
   vertically onto specified depth levels. Four input files 
   are needed:

   1) proj.in - gives the projection to interpolate to
   2) depthlevels.in Gives the depth levels to interpolate to
   3) extract.XXX Gives the fields to extract from the
      hycom files. This is the same file as used by
      m2nc/h2nc. Rotation flags in extract files are ignores.
   
   Examples of these files are found in the input directory
   In addition to this you will need the regional.grid/depth files (++).

   Output is a netcdf file containing the interpolated fields
   
hyc2station:
   This routine will read data from a hycom file and first 
   do a horizontal interpolation onto stations specified
   via input files. If applicable it will then proceed to 
   interpolate the model fields vertically onto specified 
   depth levels. Four input files are needed:
   
   1) depthlevels.in Gives the depth levels to interpolate to
   2) extract.XXX Gives the fields to extract from the
      hycom files. This is the same file as used by
      m2nc/h2nc. Rotation flags in extract files are ignores.
   3) stations.in - this file lists a set of stations, 
      where each station is given by a lon/lat pair. stations are
      divided into groups, where each group begins with a line 
      containing a "#" followed by a group name. This is convenient 
      for creating sections.
   
   Examples of these files are found in the input directory
   In addition to this you will need the regional.grid/depth files.

   Output is in the form of netcdf files, one for each group.
   NEW: Routine ca also be modified to give one file containing all groups.
   
setupstations.py:
   Short script to generate list of stations for stations.in. Input
   is a start and end point along with number of stations. Each station
   will be placed at regular intervals along the line between the 
   two points. 

   NB: Follows rhumb lines, not great circles.

conv_threddsname.sh
   Script for changing the name of the netcdf files from hyc2station.
   Mainly for creating new file names for the MERSEA project.
   (files are renamed following group NUMBERS rather than group NAMES)


TODO: SLA and mixed layer
TODO: add example for polar_stereographic
levitus for hyc2proj
NB: check splines after changing to library mod_spline_calc
Check longitude input for native grid
